Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
AS SOON AS I RAISE
THE 3 EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
BEFORE THE TABLET
OF LOST MEMORIES,
MY MIND WILL BE UNLOCKED
AND THE SECRETS OF MY PAST
WILL BE REVEALED.
PHARAOH?
SO NOW WHAT?
THE PHARAOH
WILL FINALLY LEARN
ABOUT HIS PAST,
BUT HE MUST DEFEAT
THE GREAT EVIL
ALL OVER AGAIN.
Isis, voice-over:
MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE
SENSES AN EVIL FORCE
APPROACHING THE KINGDOM.
I THINK IT'S TIME
WE MADE OUR
PRESENCE KNOWN.
YES, MY LORD.
THEN LET THE ULTIMATE
SHADOW GAME BEGIN.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
TO THE PALACE!
WHO DARES TRESPASS?
HALT IN THE NAME
OF THE PHARAOH.
YOU FOOLS!
STEP ASIDE
IF YOUR VALUE
YOUR SOULS!
STAND TALL, MEN.
SOUND THE ALARM!
MAHAD,
IS SOMETHING THE MATTER?
THE MILLENNIUM RING--
WE ARE IN THE PRESENCE
OF PURE EVIL.
OH, NO!
WHO GOES THERE?
PARDON THE INTERRUPTION,
BUT APPARENTLY SOMEONE
LEFT ME OFF THE GUEST LIST.
BAKURA!
WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM ME?
NOW IS THAT ANY WAY
TO SPEAK TO AN OLD FRIEND,
YOUR HIGHNESS?
I BELIEVE YOU KNOW
WHAT I CAME HERE TO ACQUIRE.
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
SO YOU HAVE BEEN
PAYING ATTENTION TO ME
ALL THESE YEARS,
HAVEN'T YOU?
ALL RIGHT, LET ME SEE
IF I'VE GOT THIS
STRAIGHT, SHADI.
THE ONLY WAY
TO GET TO THE PHARAOH
IS TO FIND
A DOORWAY INSIDE
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE?
YES, BUT
THE PUZZLE CONTAINS
MANY DOORWAYS,
SOME OF WHICH
LEAD TO DARK AND
DANGEROUS REALMS.
THEREFORE, I WILL
GUIDE YOU THROUGH
THIS JOURNEY.
BUT WHEN YOU WISH
TO RETURN,
I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
ON YOUR OWN.
WE'VE GOT
NO CHOICE.
NOW, LET'S DO
THIS, YUGE!
ALL FOR ONE
AND ONE FOR ALL.
THANKS A LOT, REALLY,
BUT I'M DOING
THIS ALONE.
ARE YOU NUTS?
LOOK, GUYS, I'VE PUT
ALL YOUR LIVES IN DANGER
ENOUGH TIMES ALREADY.
THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT I NEED TO DO
FOR THE PHARAOH
AND I'M GONNA DO IT
ON MY OWN.
YOU SHOULD REALIZE
BY NOW THAT YOU CAN'T
DITCH US THAT EASILY.
WE'VE STUCK WITH YOU
ON EVERY ADVENTURE
FOR THE LAST 4 YEARS.
YOU THINK WE'RE
GONNA STOP NOW?
ARE YOU SURE?
EVERYONE HOLD HANDS
AND CONCENTRATE.
WE MUST POOL
OUR ENERGY.
Yugi, voice-over:
PHARAOH,
WHEREVER YOU ARE,
I WILL FIND YOU.
NOW IN THE NAME OF
THE GREAT PHARAOH,
I SHALL INVOKE
THE SACRED ENERGIES
OF THE MILLENNIUM
KEY.
PLEASE GUIDE US THROUGH
THE MYSTIC LABYRINTH
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE!
I HOPE I DIDN'T RUIN
YOUR LITTLE CELEBRATION,
GENTLEMEN.
YOUR MOCKERY IS
A DISGRACE TO THE PHARAOH,
AND FOR THAT YOU SHALL BE
PUNISHED, ROGUE.
NOT SO FAST!
I RESIDE IN THE OUTSKIRTS
OF YOUR LITTLE KINGDOM,
SO YOUR RULES
DON'T APPLY TO ME.
NOW IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND,
HAND OVER
YOUR MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
WHAT?
I DIDN'T MEAN FOR FREE.
I COME BARING GIFTS.
YOU STOLE THOSE.
HOW DARE YOU?
I ASSUMED THESE TRINKETS
WOULDN'T BE ENOUGH,
SO I BROUGHT ANOTHER TOKEN
OF MY ESTEEM.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
SAY HELLO
TO YOUR PREVIOUS KING.
YOU DARE DISRESPECT
THE TOMB OF
A FORMER PHARAOH?
NOW YOU'VE TAKEN THIS
TOO FAR.
BAKURA, YOUR SOUL
MUST BE JUDGED BY
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
HE'S RIGHT.
GUARDS, BRING US
A SEALING TABLET
AT ONCE!
LET
THE MILLENNIUM
TRIAL BEGIN!
YOUR WEAK MAGIC
WILL NEVER CONTAIN ME.
NO MORTAL CAN RESIST
THE POWER OF
THE SACRED ITEMS.
HOLD ON.
WHAT IS IT?
THE MILLENNIUM
SCALE IS UNABLE
TO FIND BALANCE.
THAT MEANS
THE EVIL
IN HIS HEART
IS IMMEASURABLE.
YES.
I SEE A DARKNESS
THAT KNOWS NO BOUNDS.
HIS SOUL
IS A BOTTOMLESS PIT,
IN WHICH THRIVES
A TERRIFYING CREATURE.
NOW, MILLENNIUM KEY,
REVEAL THE BEAST
THAT LURKS WITHIN.
THAT'S NO ORDINARY
BEAST.
WHAT DID YOU SEE,
SHADA?
THE MOST
POWERFUL BEING
I'VE EVER WITNESSED.
THAT SEALING TABLET
IS FAR TOO SMALL.
RIDICULOUS.
SETO IS RIGHT.
WE'VE NEVER HAD
ANY DIFFICULTY
BEFORE.
UNBELIEVABLE.
HOW CAN SUCH A CREATURE
LIVE IN THE HEART
OF A PETTY THIEF?
LET ME INTRODUCE
MY FRIEND.
DIABOUND,
MEET THE PHARAOH,
AND PHARAOH,
MEET THE INSTRUMENT
OF YOUR DEMISE.
I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE MISTAKEN, THIEF.
YOUR MONSTER'S FATE
IS SEALED.
MILLENNIUM ROD,
ACTIVATE!
JUST AS I SUSPECTED,
HIS SOUL HAS
BEEN CLEANSED.
THANK YOU, MASTER SETO.
YOU'VE SAVED MY LIFE.
THAT HORRIBLE CREATURE
WAS CONTROLLING MY MIND,
AND NOW I'M FINALLY FREE...
FREE TO ANNIHILATE YOU,
THAT IS.
IMPOSSIBLE!
IT DIDN'T WORK.
THIS DOESN'T MAKE
ANY SENSE.
IT LOOKS AS IF
I'VE ALREADY WON THIS GAME
BEFORE IT'S EVEN BEGUN.
YUGI,
C'MON, WAKE UP, PAL.
YOU OK, JOEY?
A'RIGHT,
RISE AND SHINE,
YOU TWO.
WHERE ARE WE?
WE'RE INSIDE
THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE, REMEMBER?
DIS PLACE SEEMS BIGGER
THAN LAST TIME.
DID YOU DO
SOME REMODELING?
THE PUZZLE
IS A REFLECTION OF
THE PHARAOH'S MIND,
AND IS
EVER-CHANGING.
NO WONDER.
YEAH, I GUESS DAT
EXPLAINS WHY DIS PLACE
IS SO COMPLICATED.
WELL, WHAT'RE
WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S GET UP
AND FIND THE PHARAOH.
A'RIGHT, SHADI-OL-PAL,
USE THAT MILLENNIUM
THINGY 'A YOURS
AND POINT US IN
DA RIGHT DIRECTION.
IT'S A
MILLENNIUM KEY!
ARE YOU TELLING ME
YUGI LEFT THE COUNTRY?
YES, SIR.
OUR FLIGHT LOGS INDICATE
THAT HE BOARDED A JET
BOUND FOR CAIRO
WITH 3 COMPANIONS
JUST YESTERDAY.
WHY WOULD THE GEEK SQUAD
FLY TO EGYPT,
AND WHY NOW?
WHY DON'T YOU
HOLD ON TO THIS?
HOLD ON, DIDN'T THIS
BELONG TO PEGASUS?
WHY, YES,
AND IT HOLDS MANY ANSWERS
ABOUT YOUR PAST.
BRING IT TO EGYPT
AND I'LL TELL YOU THE REST.
Kaiba, voice-over:
BAKURA MUST HAVE
GOTTEN TO YUGI ALSO.
I TOLD YOU
YOU'D BE POWERLESS
AGAINST THE DARK ENERGY
OF MY DIABOUND.
SACRED GUARDIANS
OF THE PHARAOH,
WE MUST UNITE TO CONQUER
THIS ADVERSARY.
YES.
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
YOU HAVE DUEL DISKS?
WHAT IS A DUEL DISK?
OH, THAT'S A DEVICE
USED FOR CALLING FORTH
SHADOW CREATURES
THAT HAVE BEEN SEALED AWAY
IN STONE TABLETS.
ONCE THESE MONSTERS
HAVE BEEN TRAPPED IN STONE,
THEY'RE STORED
IN TABLET SANCTUARIES
UNTIL SOMEONE SUMMONS THEM
USING A MECHANISM
CALLED A DIADIANKH.
LIKE ANCIENT DUEL DISKS.
WELL, CAN THE GUARDIANS
COME OUT AND PLAY?
CAREFUL.
HE'S A STRONG ONE.
WE MUST COMBINE
OUR POWERS.
FEAR NOT.
I CAN DEFEAT THIS THIEF
ON MY OWN.
SETO.
NOW,
CREATURE OF DARKNESS,
I CALL UPON THEE!
AWAKEN FROM THY SLUMBER
AND JOIN ME
IN THIS BATTLE!
SO THIS IS HOW
IT ALL BEGAN.
AND NOW I SUMMON
GARESTGOLATH.
NOW THIS IS
A SHADOW GAME.
GARESTGOLATH,
IT'S TIME TO WAGE WAR
WITH HIS DIABOUND!
I'M WITNESSING
THE ORIGIN
OF DUEL MONSTERS!
NO ONE WHO
DISRESPECTS THE PHARAOH
SHALL GO UNPUNISHED.
I MUST BE WATCHING
ONE OF THE FIRST
SHADOW GAMES
EVER PLAYED.
GARESTGOLATH, ATTACK!
VANQUISH HIS DIABOUND!
NOW, WINGED SAGE FALCOS,
COME FORTH.
WHAT?
HE SUMMONED
ANOTHER CREATURE?
THIS CAN'T BE.
ONLY THOSE
IN THE ROYAL COURT
CAN DO THAT.
YES, HOW DID
YOU SUMMON
THAT BEAST?
YOU DO
NOT POSSESS
A DIADIANKH.
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
I PAID A VISIT
TO YOUR OLD
PHARAOH'S TOMB.
AND WHILE
I WAS PAYING MY RESPECTS,
I THOUGHT I MIGHT BORROW
A FEW OF HIS LITTLE TOYS--
LIKE THIS.
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT
YOU ARE INTERFERING
WITH FORCES
BEYOND YOUR CONTROL?
OBVIOUSLY NOT.
I'M IN COMPLETE CONTROL
OF THESE FORCES,
THANKS TO YOUR FORMER KING
AND HIS PERSONAL
COLLECTION OF MONSTERS.
YOU DARE DISTURB
THE GREAT PROTECTORS
OF THE SACRED CRYPT
OF KING AKNAMKANON?
THOSE CREATURES
WERE PLACED THERE
TO SAFEGUARD THE TOMB
OF A GREAT PHARAOH.
SO YOU SAY,
BUT I DISAGREE.
HE WAS A TYRANT.
HE DESTROYED MY VILLAGE
WHEN HE TRIED TO FASHION
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS
IN A SELFISH ATTEMPT
TO FURTHER HIS OWN POWER.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
SO IT WAS
THE PREVIOUS PHARAOH
THAT CREATED THE
MILLENNIUM ITEMS?
YOU LIE!
KING AKNAMKANON
PUT AN END
TO THE GREAT WARS
THAT RAVAGED OUR NATION!
HE BROUGHT PEACE
AND PROSPERITY!
HE THEN CREATED
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS
TO ENSURE THAT HARMONY
WOULD REIGN
FOREVER IN EGYPT.
CORRECT.
THEN HE GAVE
THOSE TOOLS TO US
IN ORDER
TO KEEP THE PEACE
AND HELP RULE THE LAND
WITH JUSTICE,
AS WELL AS
TO THWART EVIL-DOERS
NOT UNLIKE YOURSELF,
BAKURA.
EVIL-DOERS?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU ARE?
THE ITEMS WERE BUILT
TO REACT WITH
THE INNER DARKNESS
OF THE PERSON
THAT HOLDS THEM.
SO THE FACT
THAT THE 7 OF YOU
WIELD THESE ITEMS
MAKES EACH
AND EVERY ONE OF YOU
AN EVIL-DOER,
JUST LIKE YOUR SO-CALLED
KEEPER OF THE PEACE,
KING AKNAMKANON.
YOUR KING WANTED POWER.
THAT'S WHY
HE DEVISED A PLAN
TO USE THE 7 ITEMS
TO CONTROL THE ENTIRE WORLD.
THE SECRET LIES
IN THE VILLAGE
OF KUL ELLNA.
ENOUGH LIES.
WHAT YOU SPEAK
IS TREASON.
Aknadin, voice-over:
BUT HOW CAN
HE POSSIBLY KNOW
OF THE VILLAGE
OF KUL ELLNA?
THE SECRET OF ITS EXISTENCE
WAS BURIED AGES AGO!
HIDDEN DEEP BENEATH
THE SANDS OF KUL ELLNA
LIES A STRUCTURE KNOWN
AS THE MILLENNIUM STONE.
PLACE THE 7 ITEMS
IN THIS STONE,
AND ULTIMATE POWER
WILL BE YOURS.
DOES HE SPEAK THE TRUTH?
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
YOU CAME FROM, BAKURA,
HOWEVER, I DO KNOW
WHERE YOU MUST GO.
SETO, DESTROY HIM!
THERE'S NOTHING THAT
WOULD PLEASE ME MORE,
MASTER AKNADIN.
LET OUR SHADOW GAME
CONTINUE.
AS YOU WISH,
BUT IT WON'T BE
MUCH OF A BATTLE UNLESS
YOU SUMMON SOMETHING.
I CALL UPON BATTLE OX!
BASTET!
SPIRIA!
ZELUA!
GADIUS!
ILLUSION
MAGICIAN!
NOW MAGICIAN,
ATTACK!
YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
BETTER THAN THAT.
DIABOUND,
TEACH THESE AMATEURS
HOW TO REALLY ATTACK!
ENGAGE WITH
HELICAL SHOCKWAVE!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
SUCH STRENGTH.
YES, BUT HE'S
OUTNUMBERED.
PLEASE ALLOW ME
TO ATTACK AGAIN.
NO, MAHAD.
YOUR CREATURE WOULD
ONLY BE DESTROYED.
LET ME TRY.
YOU'LL HAVE ANOTHER CHANCE,
BUT WE NEED TO WEAKEN
HIS MONSTER FIRST.
I SUMMON MYSTIC HORSEMAN!
TAKE OVER, KARIM.
WITH THE VAST POWER OF
THE MILLENNIUM SCALE,
I INVOKE THE SPIRIT
OF BATTLE OX
AND MYSTIC HORSEMAN!
COMBINE TOGETHER!
THIS MUST BE
THE ORIGIN OF
MONSTER FUSION!
BEHOLD, RABID HORSEMAN!
NOW ATTACK HIS DIABOUND
WITH BATTLE AXE SWIPE!
DIABOUND,
COUNTER-ATTACK!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR PONY'S
ALL TIED UP.
I'M AFRAID
THAT WON'T LAST LONG.
WHAT?
MAHAD, THIS IS YOUR CHANCE.
THEN ILLUSION MAGICIAN,
COME HITHER.
ACTIVATE YOUR POWER
OF BINDING ILLUSION.
IT APPEARS YOUR MONSTER'S
IN A BIND NOW.
OH, IS THAT SO?
DIABOUND,
HELICAL SHOCKWAVE!
HOW CAN THIS POSSIBLY BE?
ONE MAN OVERPOWERING
6 GUARDIANS?
IF I WERE YOU, PHARAOH,
I WOULD CONSIDER
REPLACING YOUR STAFF.
THAT IS ENOUGH.
BAKURA,
YOU'RE ON SACRED GROUND
AND YOUR DISRESPECT
IS APPALLING!
IT SEEMS I'VE GOTTEN A RISE
OUT OF HIS HIGHNESS.
PLEASE EXCUSE ME
FOR NOT RESPECTING A KINGDOM
THAT DESTROYED MY HOME.
DIABOUND, ATTACK!
SPIRIA-SHIELD,
ACTIVATE.
ISIS!
THIS IS NOT OVER.
IT WILL BE SOON ENOUGH.
ONE MORE ATTACK
BY MY DIABOUND
AND THIS PALACE WILL BE
REDUCED TO RUBBLE!
LEAVE THIS PALACE
BEFORE I REMOVE YOU!
PHARAOH!
PLEASE ALLOW US TO BATTLE
THIS INTRUDER FOR YOU.
BAKURA, IS THIS
THE ULTIMATE SHADOW GAME
YOU SPOKE OF,
TRESPASSING
ON SACRED GROUND
AND TARNISHING
THE VERY NAME
OF MY ANCESTORS?
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
DESPICABLE,
BUT NOW YOU'VE REACHED
A NEW LOW!
PLEASE, PHARAOH,
ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU CARE
ABOUT YOUR ANCESTORS?
ADMIT IT.
YOU DON'T KNOW
THE FIRST THING ABOUT THEM.
BUT HERE, MAYBE THIS
WILL JOG YOUR MEMORY.
KING AKNAMKANON,
I NEVER IMAGINED
YOUR RETURN
TO THE PALACE
WOULD BE
SO DISGRACEFUL.
I'M SORRY
YOU HAD TO SEE THIS,
PHARAOH.
BUT WE CANNOT
LET THIS MONSTER
CONTINUE TO DISHONOR
OUR HERITAGE
BY SPOUTING
FALSE ACCUSATIONS
AND LIES.
AND YOU
MUSTN'T BELIEVE
ANYTHING HE SAYS
ABOUT OUR FORMER
PHARAOH KING
AKNAMKANON.
HE WAS KIND
AND JUST.
PLEASE, TRUST ME.
I DO.
Anknamkanon, voice-over:
JUSTICE LIES WITH
THE EGYPTIAN GODS.
THE EGYPTIAN GODS?
PHARAOH, I'M SURE YOU
AND THE FORMER KING
HAVE A LOT OF
CATCHING UP TO DO,
BUT WE ARE IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING HERE,
AND YOU INTERRUPTED ME
AT THE BEST PART--
JUST AS MY DIABOUND
WAS ABOUT TO DELIVER
THE FINISHING BLOW,
FORCING YOU
INTO SUBMISSION.
NOW, ANY LAST WORDS
BEFORE I END THIS SHADOW GAME
AND SEIZE CONTROL
OF YOUR MILLENNIUM ITEMS?
GOOD.
THEN, DIABOUND,
BRING ME VICTORY!
STOP RIGHT THERE,
BAKURA.
TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE!
FINISH HIM OFF!
HOLD ON!
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SEEM TO
HAVE FORGOTTEN.
ALLOW ME TO REMIND YOU,
I CAN CALL
THE EGYPTIAN GODS!
WHAT DOES HE MEAN?
COULD IT BE?
THE LEGENDARY
GOD MONSTERS?
ARE YOU REFERRING TO
THE 3 EGYPTIAN GODS
THAT GUARD
THE PHARAOH'S TOMB?
THE SCRIPTURES STATE
THAT ONLY THE CHOSEN KING
WILL KNOW THE NAMES
OF THESE LEGENDARY MONSTERS.
BUT WAIT!
DOES THIS MEAN
YOU ARE THE CHOSEN KING
IN THE PROPHECY?
LEGENDARY GODS OF EGYPT,
PLEASE HEAR MY CALL.
IN THE NAME
OF EVERY PHARAOH
THAT CAME BEFORE,
I NOW BESEECH THEE.
Anknamkanon, voice-over:
AWAKEN, MIGHTY OBELISK,
AND RID THE SACRED PALACE
OF THIS DARKNESS.
I SUMMON OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR!
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
ATTACK!
FIST OF FURY!
NOW, DIABOUND,
USE THE POWER OF BLUE-EYES!
WHITE LIGHTNING ATTACK!
I COULD SWEAR
I JUST HEARD "BLUE-EYES."